you're watching the Redman TV I'm
polarizing film admin TV outside and
field after Liverpool purse insulated
2-1 win over Queens Park Rangers and
yeah we made out with her that didn't we
and the first half was just the longest
45 minutes in life I had a I had me meet
potato pie on my lap which is hotter
than the mountain core of the earth when
the game kicked off and and I was
literally maybe it was just cuz I was
starving I was waiting for the but I
really felt like that after act until I
get to eat it and to be fair though it
was probably the performance that we put
in and it was just very very average
very very average in the fair stuff but
I'm pleased to say we did out for a few
moments of excitements in the second
then you know although it's ultimately
the tale this season in isolation
let's look I'm at that's the best way I
think for the moment is we had far and
away enough chances to absolutely put
back into bed and smash them off the pot
and we didn't take them Adam Lallana got
a chance one on one with Rob Kadeem all
the time in the we'll put it wide Raheem
stealin the ball flashes across the area
essentially an open goal just got us get
it on targets and it's in and he misses
I don't know how he misses it Ron
erosions house pitching himself laughing
watching match the dates and I can
guarantee him you know look everyone
misses those chances from time to time
but ultimately it starts to add open
when you when you're not scoring goals
it's very easy to be very critical of a
of missed chances chances like that poor
you know I don't think there's any
points that ultimately you know
steveandjenna as the penalty in mixes
yeah but then make sure for the
steveandjenna dragons up the
potentially for one final time because I
hope he doesn't have to between now and
the end of the season but it was great
you know we you know he got you get so
gets ahead and it was in Istanbul
quality but it did the trick and at what
was clean for me sushi was the the
standing ovation when he come off the
pitch the celebration from him the
celebration from the fans you know
you've got to show off these moments
because you know he's got one more game
left to play and I'm feeling it's worth
three more games as a Liverpool player
and you know it's either play that he
was 10 years ago course he's now but you
know we want to enjoy every single
second of the steveandjenna what we
still got that opportunity a.m. yeah oh
look we're fire I know your opinion on
the match know in the comments below
don't forget to give the video a thumbs
up and check
they're fun cams as well yeah I got a
little bring things to say about that a
bat bashed by a net that I forgot flown
over the air over the ground before the
game started so check that video out as
well anyway I'm poor meet you for the
Redmond TV outside downfield
i'm sanna you know the best thing about
the game for me was Steven Gerrard man
that standing ovation at the end of the
game I'm just about to leave I think I'm
gonna thank him I am I'm just gonna
thank him so it's a tough time on the
show there Steven Gerrard you've been
the best player boy had ever had thank
you very much
he tapped me on the head I never washing
this air ever again